chore(grid): refactor export notes (#2835)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/export/csv.md

slug: grid-export-csv
tags: telerik,blazor,grid,export,csv
published: True
position: 3
---

> # Grid CSV Export

Reviewer: The Customization section contains mostly information that is not applicable to CSV export.

| `FileName` | `string` | The name of the file. The grid will add the `.csv` extension for you. |
| `AllPages` | `bool` | Whether to export the current page only, or the entire data from the data source. |

> > Before enabling the export feature, ensure you are familiar with [its specifics](slug:grid-export-overview#how-it-works).

Reviewer 2: Note that your actual heading in the respective file is "how the export works" and your anchor link will not work.

}
````

## Limitations

> 

Reviewer 2: Add an intro line. For example `The CSV export has the following limitation:`

> * Column widths are not applied because a CSV document does not have such a concept. You can use any units in the grid itself, they will not be reflected in the exported document. If you need to add such structure, consider [exporting to an Excel file](slug:grid-export-excel).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Column widths are not applicable to CSV documents. You can use any units in the grid itself, but they won't be present in the exported document.<br/>If you need to export column widths, consider [exporting to an Excel file](slug:grid-export-excel).
```

Author: I tweaked it a bit.
